# CS CRR Text Mining

Mark Wilcock
May 2017

The demo uses text mining techniques to analyse several previous Credit Suisse Corporate Responsibility Reports.

## Background

Credit Suisse (CS) is a large Swiss bank.  It produces a  Corporate Responsibility Report (CRR) every year. This public documents extols the bank's wider role in society and its activities as a good corporate citizen. It is available from the CS website as a PDF document.  It is  about 60 pages long.

The purpose of the analysis is to identify the themes that are important to the bank and in particular which themes grow or diminish in relative importance over the years.

## Assets

R project _CS CRR Text Mining_ :

- generates a CSV file of words and their frequency in each of the 2013 to 2016 CRR reports
- plots most frequent words and how the frequency vary across reports both as faceted bar charts and as scatter plots 


PBI file _crr-proportions.pbix_ : contains 
- M code that reads the word frequency CSV file generated by the R code and plots a scatter plot of frequencies in the 2016 reports against the other reports


## Work done

Built R project that

- loads the latest 4 annual CRRs into R
- uses text mining techniques (mainly word frequency analysis so far) to find the most important words and to compare frequencies between the reports to give an indication of rising or falling importance.
- inserted some of the ggplots generated into a PBI Desktop file

## Work to do

* go through the R code giving all charts proper titles, subtitles and themes, labels...
* build a PBI dashboards of the term frequency scatter plots (showing how tool-tips help with large numbers of data points)
* publish all plots to PBI service
* continue with more sophisticated analysis (n-grams tf-idf, ...)



